---
title: "2018"
permalink: /achievements/2018/
description: ""
---
# 2018

National Stamp Collecting Competition 
--------------------------------------

<p style="text-align: justify;">Yishun Primary School participated in the National Stamp Collecting Competition 2018 organised by Singapore Philatelic Museum. The annual competition seeks to promote the study of postage stamps and philatelic materials to learn about the world. Participants selected and researched on a topic of their choice, and presented their findings through the English Language and a variety of philatelic materials. The competition enabled participants to sharpen their research and organisation skills as well as their language and writing skills. Kudos to these pupils and the teachers who had prepared them for this competition.</p>

 We attained 3 Silver Awards and 1 Bronze Award.
 
 |            Exhibit Title            |                                             Participants                                            |      Class      | Achievements |
|:-----------------:|:----------------:|:---------------:|:------------:|
|         Uniquely Singapore!         |                Ishita Gautam<br><br>Kwok Jia Yi Joey<br><br>Lim Rui En<br><br>Ng Xin Ying Fallon                |   5 Integrity   |    Silver    |
|   Singapore's Evolving Urbanscape   | Alexis Chaw Yan Ting<br><br>Chua Ling Jing<br><br>Muhamad Afiq Harraz Bin Mahammed Zakaria<br><br>Goh Jun Leong | 5 Nation Loving |    Silver    |
| Discovering Reptiles and Amphibians |           Glenna Chloe Ng<br><br>Lim Jun Wei, Jerome<br><br>Ong Peiyi, Isabelle<br><br>Roshini Alfred           | 4 Nation Loving |    Silver    |
|        The Singapore Culture        |       Alesha Sofea Binte Ahmad<br><br>Shreya Madaan<br><br>Shashank A Rao<br><br>Ningthoujam Purnima Devi       |   4 Integrity   |    Bronze    |

Mathematical Competitions
-------------------------

**National Mathematical Olympiad of Singapore**

To generate a greater interest in Mathematics among the pupils, a group of selected Primary 5 pupils participated in the National Mathematical Olympiad of Singapore organised by NUS High School for Mathematics and Science. Congratulations to the pupil who have achieved the following awards. Our P5 participants received 2 Silver Awards, 2 Bronze Awards and 5 Honourable Mention Awards. 

**11th Annual Mathlympics For All Singapore Primary Schools 2018**

The Annual Mathlympics competition, which aims to expose pupils to intellectually challenging questions in order to stimulate their interest and ignite their passion in Mathematics, is organised by Anglo Chinese School (Independent) for all primary schools. We would like to congratulate the following pupils who have been clinched the following awards in this competition.