---
title: "2021"
permalink: /achievements/2021/
description: ""
---
# 2021

Junior Civil Defence Lionhearter Challenge 2022 
------------------------------------------------

In alignment with the Learn for Life initiative to ignite the joy of learning, Qifa Primary School organised a Memory Games Challenge for Primary 5 & 6 students who are taking Foundation Chinese Language on 10 March 2021.    
The rationale of the challenge is to provide a platform for students taking Foundation Chinese Language to pick up some useful memory techniques through fun and engaging games station activities.  Congratulations to the following pupils who received the Merit awards!  

Teacher Mentor: Miss Tan Lian Kiah

|      Name of pupil     |  Class | Achievement |
|:----------------------:|:------:|:-----------:|
| Ong Tzu Yu (Wang Ciyu) | 6 Care |    Merit    |
|       Low Li Hua       | 6 Care |    Merit    |

2021 National Calligraphy Competition
-------------------------------------

Our pupils participated in the National Chinese Calligraphy Competition organized by Fo Guang Shan (Singapore). We are delighted to share with you that the following pupils have clinched awards this year.

| Name of Pupil |     Class    |    Achievement    |
|:-------------:|:------------:|:-----------------:|
|  Valeria Yeo  |  3 Integrity |                   |
|  Tan Yu Qian  | 4 Resilience |   Certificate of  |
|   Qi Xiaoran  |  5 Respect   |    Participation  |
|   Brandon Koh |  5 Respect   |  (All 7 students  |
|  Ong Jing Wen |  5 Respect   |  were shortlisted |
|  Tham Yu Jing |  5 Respect   | for final round)  |
|     He Jie    |  5 Respect   |                   |

4th Text Recital Competition for Primary and Secondary Schools
--------------------------------------------------------------

Our pupils, comprises of four teams and 4 individuals, participated in the 4th Text Recital Competition for Primary and Secondary Schools (全国中小学课文朗诵比赛) 2021. The main objective of this competition is to ignite our pupils’ love for learning Chinese Language and deepen their understanding of the texts in their textbooks through text recitals. Congratulations to the pupil who have achieved the following awards.  
  
Teacher Mentors: Miss Han Ying, Miss Sim Sze Hua, Miss Chen Xifang