---
title: "2022"
permalink: /our-achievements/2022/
description: ""
---
##### **Moo-O Awards 2022**
2022 Singapore Moo-O Awards is a digital storytelling competition where students take on different characters in a story and present them in an interesting and engaging manner. Our Primary 3 students brought characters to life by using voice and facial expressions creatively. We are proud to annouce that Yishun Primary School clinched the Silver Award amongst 53 other participating schools.

Congratulations to the following students who received the awards!

Teacher Mentor: Ms June Low

| Name | Class | Achievement |
|:------------------:|:----------------:|:-------------:|
| Srishti Girish | 3 Gratitude | Silver Award |
| Laurentina Tang Xin Yin | 3 Care | Silver Award |
| Trinity Kohli | 3 Care | Silver Award |


##### **Junior Civil Defence Lionhearter Challenge 2022**
In March this year, the Singapore Civil Defence Force organised the Junior Civil Defence Lionhearter Challenger 2022. The challenge comprised a series of exciting activities, culminating in a virtual event which saw students pit their emergency preparedness knowledge and quick wits against other teams. 

The challenge aimed to equip students with emergency preparedness skills including life-saving skills, which can be applied during an emergency. Under the guidance of Mdm Fauziah, five students formed a team and took part in the challenge.

Congratulations to the following students who received the awards!

Teacher Mentor: Mdm Fauziah Alang

|                Name                |       Class      |          Achievement          |
|:------------------:|:----------------:|:-------------:|
|              Emma Law              | 5 Responsibility |  Certificate of Participation |
|         Goh Shan Zhu Perlie        |    5 Gratitude   |  Certificate of Participation |
|          John Abiah Britto         |    5 Gratitude   |  Certificate of Participation |
| Muhammad Wafiq Bin Mohamed Hamzah  |   5 Gratitude    |  Certificate of Participation |
|    Sumbeling Jesi Erlin Fernandez  |   5 Gratitude    |  Certificate of Participation |

##### **2022 Memory Games Challenge**
Organised in March 2022, Memory Games Challenge comprised of exciting puzzles and games, in the form of a virtual escape room, which participants had to unlock. The challenge aimed to ignite the joy of learning Chinese Language for students taking Foundation Chinese Language.  
  
Under the guidance of Ms Tan Lian Kiah, two Primary 6 students took part in this inter-school competition and landed themselves in the top thirteenth placing. Through their participation, the students developed a sense of fulfilment in solving problems collaboratively as a team.  
  
Congratulations to the following students who received the awards!  
  
Teacher Mentor: Ms Tan Lian Kiah

|        Name        |  Class | Achievement |
|:------------------:|:------:|:-----------:|
|     Ng Yu Yang     | 6 Care | Merit Award |
| Daniel Ho Yong Jie | 6 Care | Merit Award |